chore: purge the "workflow step" terminology (#2199)
slackapi/bolt-js: docs/content/steps/creating-steps.md

---
title: Creating steps from apps 
lang: en
slug: /concepts/creating-steps
---

:::danger

Steps from apps are a deprecated feature.

> Steps from apps are different than, and not interchangable with, Slack automation workflows. We encourage those who are currently publishing steps from apps to consider the new [Slack automation features](https://api.slack.com/automation), such as [custom steps for Bolt](/concepts/creating-custom-functions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Steps from apps are different than, and not interchangable with, Slack automation workflows. We encourage those who are currently publishing steps from apps to consider the new [Slack automation features](https://api.slack.com/automation), such as [custom steps for Bolt](/concepts/custom-step).
```
